Cut, copy, paste and other common shortcuts
Command-X: Cut the selected item and copy it to the Clipboard.
Command-C: Copy the selected item to the Clipboard. This also works for files in the Finder.
Command-V: Paste the contents of the Clipboard into the current document or app. This also works for files in the Finder.
Command-Z: Undo the previous command. You can then press Shift-Command-Z to Redo, reversing the undo command. In some apps, you can undo and redo multiple commands.
Command-A: Select All items.
Command-F: Find items in a document or open a Find window.
Command-G: Find Again: Find the next occurrence of the item previously found. To find the previous occurrence, press Shift-Command-G.
Command-H: Hide the windows of the front app. To vie the front app but hide all other apps, press Option-Command-H.
Command-M: Minimise the front window to the Dock. To minimise all windows of the front app, press Option-Command-M.
Command-O: Open the selected item or open a dialogue to select a file to open.
Command-P: Print the current document.
Command-S: Save the current document.
Command-T: Open a new tab.
Command-W: Close the front window. To close all windows of the app, press Option-Command-W.
Option-Command-Esc: Force quit an app.
Command-Space bar: Show or hide the Spotlight search field. To perform a Spotlight search from a Finder window, press Command-Option-Space bar. (If you use multiple input sources to type in different languages, these shortcuts will change input sources instead of showing Spotlight. Find out how to change a conflicting keyboard shortcut.)
Control-Command-Space bar: Show the Character Viewer, from which you can choose emoji and other symbols.
Control-Command-F: Use the app in full screen, if supported by the app.
Space bar: Use Quick Look to preview the selected item.
Command-Tab: Switch to the next most recently used app amongst your open apps. 
Shift-Command-5: In macOS Mojave or later, take a screenshot or make a screen recording. Or use Shift-Command-3 or Shift-Command-4 for screenshots. Find out more about screenshots.
Shift-Command-N: Create a new folder in the Finder.
Command-Comma (,): Open preferences for the front app.
Finder and system shortcuts
Command-D: Duplicate the selected files.
Command-E: Eject the selected disk or volume.
Command-F: Start a Spotlight search in the Finder window.
Command-I: Show the Get Info window for a selected file.
Command-R: (1) When an alias is selected in the Finder, this shows the original file for the selected alias. (2) In some apps, such as Calendar or Safari, refresh or reload the page. (3) In Software Update preferences, check for software updates again.
Shift-Command-C: Open the Computer window.
Shift-Command-D: Open the desktop folder.
Shift-Command-F: Open the Recents window, showing all of the files you have viewed or changed recently.
Shift-Command-G: Open a Go to Folder window.
Shift-Command-H: Open the Home folder of the current macOS user account.
Shift-Command-I: Open iCloud Drive.
Shift-Command-K: Open the Network window.
Option-Command-L: Open the Downloads folder.
Shift-Command-N: Create a new folder.
Shift-Command-O: Open the Documents folder.
Shift-Command-P: Show or hide the Preview pane in Finder windows.
Shift-Command-R: Open the AirDrop window.
Shift-Command-T: Show or hide the tab bar in Finder windows. 
Control-Shift-Command-T: Add selected Finder item to the Dock (OS X Mavericks or later)
Shift-Command-U: Open the Utilities folder.
Option-Command-D: Show or hide the Dock. 
Control-Command-T: Add the selected item to the sidebar (OS X Mavericks or later).
Option-Command-P: Hide or show the path bar in Finder windows.
Option-Command-S: Hide or show the Sidebar in Finder windows.
Command-Slash (/): Hide or show the status bar in Finder windows.
Command-J: Show View Options.
Command-K: Open the Connect to Server window.
Control-Command-A: Make an alias of the selected item.
Command-N: Open a new Finder window.
Option-Command-N: Create a new Smart Folder.
Command-T: Show or hide the tab bar when a single tab is open in the current Finder window.
Option-Command-T: Show or hide the toolbar when a single tab is open in the current Finder window.
Option-Command-V: Move the files in the Clipboard from their original location to the current location.
Command-Y: Use Quick Look to preview the selected files.
Option-Command-Y: View a Quick Look slideshow of the selected files.
Command-1: View the items in the Finder window as icons.
Command-2: View the items in a Finder window as a list.
Command-3: View the items in a Finder window in columns. 
Command-4: View the items in a Finder window in a gallery.
Command-Left Bracket ([): Go to the previous folder.
Command-Right Bracket (]): Go to the next folder.
Command-Up Arrow: Open the folder that contains the current folder.
Command-Control-Up Arrow: Open the folder that contains the current folder in a new window.
Command-Down Arrow: Open the selected item.
Right Arrow: Open the selected folder. This only works when in list view.
Left Arrow: Close the selected folder. This only works when in list view.
Command-Delete: Move the selected item to the Bin.
Shift-Command-Delete: Empty the Bin.
Option-Shift-Command-Delete: Empty the Bin without confirmation dialogue.
Command-Brightness Down: Turn video mirroring on or off when your Mac is connected to more than one display.
Option-Brightness Up: Open Displays preferences. This works with either Brightness key.
Control-Brightness Up or Control-Brightness Down: Change the brightness of your external display, if supported by your display.
Option-Shift-Brightness Up or Option-Shift-Brightness Down: Adjust the display brightness in smaller steps. Add the Control key to this shortcut to make the adjustment on your external display, if supported by your display.
Option-Mission Control: Open Mission Control preferences.
Command-Mission Control: Show the desktop. 
Control-Down Arrow: Show all windows of the front app.
Option-Volume Up: Open Sound preferences. This works with any of the volume keys.
Option-Shift-Volume Up or Option-Shift-Volume Down: Adjust the sound volume in smaller steps.
Option-Keyboard Brightness Up: Open Keyboard preferences. This works with either Keyboard Brightness key.
Option-Shift-Keyboard Brightness Up or Option-Shift-Keyboard Brightness Down: Adjust the keyboard brightness in smaller steps.
Option key while double-clicking: Open the item in a separate window, then close the original window.
Command key while double-clicking: Open a folder in a separate tab or window.
Command key while dragging to another volume: Move the dragged item to the other volume, instead of copying it. 
Option key while dragging: Copy the dragged item. The pointer changes while you drag the item.
Option-Command while dragging: Make an alias of the dragged item. The pointer changes while you drag the item.
Option-click a disclosure triangle: Open all folders within the selected folder. This only works when in list view.
Command-click a window title: See the folders that contain the current folder.
Find out how to use Command or Shift to select multiple items in the Finder. 
Click the Go menu in the Finder menu bar to see shortcuts for opening many commonly used folders, such as Applications, Documents, Downloads, Utilities and iCloud Drive.
